Who, in 1903, was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
What year did the Berlin Wall fall?
What element does the chemical symbol Au stand for?
What is the sign directly opposite Scorpio in the zodiac?
Who wrote the classic American novel Their Eyes Were Watching God?
The shooting of whom, in 1914 started World War I?
What is the smallest planet in our solar system
What is the highest-grossing Broadway show of all time?
What New York City bar was the location of a 1969 uprising credited as sparking the modern LGBTQ+ rights movement?
What are the first 22 cards in a tarot deck called?
Which marine animals hold hands in their sleep to prevent drifting apart?
What type of flower was once used as money?
In what country do more than half of people believe in elves?
For up to how long do cicadas live underground before emerging above ground for just a few weeks?
Where is the world's tallest roller coaster?
What is the national animal of Scotland?
What is the largest living structure on Earth?
Globe and Jerusalem are both types of what?
Which planet is the hottest in the solar system?
Which bone are babies born without?
Which country is both an island and a continent?
What is the name of the world's longest river?
How many Lord of the Rings films are there?
Who is the only U.S. president to serve more than two terms in office?
Which Williams sister has won more Grand Slam titles?
What type of shark is responsible for the most attacks on humans annually?
In the United Kingdom, what is the day after Christmas known as?
Which artist painted "The Starry Night"?
What is the largest ocean on Earth?
Which gas makes up the majority of Earth's atmosphere?
How many countries are in the European Union?
What is the smallest unit of memory in computers?
The Hawaiian Islands archipelago is made up of what number of major islands?
Who is considered the first female self-made millionaire in the U.S.?
How many colors were on the original Pride flag, flown at the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Parade in 1978?
What country has the national language with the longest alphabet?
What does "HTTP" stand for?
How many keys are on a modern, standard - sized piano?
Which intercontinental city is divided into two separate parts by the Bosphorus Strait, with half of the city in Europe and half in Asia?
What nation has the highest number of time zones in the world?
Amy Winehouse, Jimi Hendrix, and Janis Joplin all belong to what unfortunate group?
Who besides Britney Spears did Madonna kiss at the 2003 VMS"
What song holds the title of the very first music video to ever premiere on MTV?
With what album did Beyonce start her solo career?
What is the stage name of Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta?
Who sang the first record version of "Strange Fruit," a classic, haunting protest song against racism and violence against Black bodies?
Who was the first woman inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame?
What musical artist played a whopping 27 different instruments on their debut album, "For You"?
Where did the band ABBA form?
Which Beatles' single was No. 1 on the Billboard charts for the longest stretch of time