Don't hold onto things that require a tight grip.
I didn't come this far to only come this far.
Vulnerability sounds like faith and looks like courage.
And into the forest I go, to lose my mind and find my soul.
Do it scared.
Look how far you've come.
Each time you break your own boundaries to ensure that someone else likes you, you like yourself a little less.
Sitting in silence with you is all the noise I need.
There is nothing stronger than a broken woman who has rebuilt herself.
Every good and perfect gift is from above.
Love does not have prerequisites like perfection, agreement or even likability.
The art of life is not controlling what happens to us, but using what happens to us.
Be careful who you trust. Salt and sugar look the same.
Tough love only works when there's as much love as there is tough.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
Little by little, one travels far.
What good are wings, without the courage to fly.
She lives the poetry she cannot write.
I can't go back to yesterday because I was a different person then.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.
If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!
One person alone is not a full person; we exist in relation to others.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
A woman is like a tea bad; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
One bad chapter doesn't mean your story is over.
You are not what you've done. You are what you keep doing.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Loving yourself isn't vanity. It's sanity.
Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
The road to success is always under construction.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Not all those who wander are lost.
The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.
If we wait until we're ready, we'll be waiting for the rest of our lives.
The only limits for tomorrow are the doubts we have today.
All endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.
Well behaved women seldom make history.
You are your best thing.
There is always something left to love.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Breath, Darling, this is just a chapter, not your whole story.
We don't stop going to school when we graduate.