Pick someone in this room and (lovingly) roast them for one minute straight.
Let another person post an Instagram caption on your behalf.
Smell another person's armpit.
Smell another person's bare foot.
Eat a bite of a banana peel.
Do an impression of another player until someone can figure out who it is.
Say pickles at the end of every sentence you say until the game ends.
Imitate a TikTok star until another player guesses who you're portraying.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Talk in a British accent until your next turn.
Call a friend, pretend it's their birthday, and sing them Happy Birthday to You.
Name a famous person that looks like each player in the room.
Show us your best dance moves.
Eat a packet of hot sauce straight.
Let another person draw a tattoo on your back with permanent marker.
Put on a blindfold and touch the other players' faces until you can figure out who's who.
Bite into a raw onion without slicing it.
Go outside and try to "summon" the rain as loud as possible.
Serenade the person to your right for a full minute.
Do 20 squats.
Let the other players redo your hairstyle.
Eat a condiment of your choice straight from the bottle.
Dump out your purse, backpack, or pockets and do a show and tell of what's inside.
Let the player to your right redo your makeup with their eyes closed.
Prank call one of your family members.
Hand over your phone to another player who can send a single text saying anything they want to anyone they want.
Post the 10th photo in your camera roll to your story (no captions allowed!).
Do a sultry dance to a song of the group's choosing.
Read aloud the most personal text you've sent in recent days.
Scroll through your phone contacts and call someone you haven't spoken to in a year.
Let the other players go through your phone for one minute.
Send a heart-eye emoji to your crush's Instagram story.
Go to your crush's Instagram page and like something from several weeks ago.
Let everyone go through your Snapchat history.
Text your crush "thinking about you" -no explanation.
Let the group give you a ridiculous dare to complete outdoors - you have 2 minutes.
Eat a whole lemon slice with a straight face. If you can't do it, text your ex "hey stranger."
Stand outside and yell your biggest irrational fear.
Do an interpretive dance explaining how your last relationship ended.
Let everyone else pick two clothing items for you to wear out of the house somewhere.
Do an interpretive dance of your most embarrassing childhood story.
Pantomime the details of your last situationship.
Flirt in complete seriousness with the person next to you for the next three rounds.
Let the group blindfold you and feed you one food item to guess (allergies checked first, obviously).
Kiss the person to your right (if they're cool with it).
Do your best attempt at seducing the nearest piece of furniture.
Do your best (bad) stand-up comedy set about the most awkward date you've ever had.
Take five minutes to write a song about the person to your left, they sing/perform it.
Pitch yourself as a contestant on The Bachelor/Bachelorette in a 30 second video.
Do you two-minute roast of yourself - full commitment, maximum honesty.