If you could be invisible for a day, what's the first thing you would do?
What's the biggest secret you've kept from your parents?
What's the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What's one thing you love most about yourself?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for and why?
If you had to only ever watch rom-coms or only watch scary movies for the rest of your life, which would you choose and why?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever gone to the bathroom?
Have you ever ghosted on someone?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and which would be the first to go?
What excuse have you used before to get out of plans?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
When was the last time you lied?
What five things would you bring to a deserted island?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What celebrity do you think you most look like?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is one thing you would stand in line an hour for?
What's the longest time you've ever gone without showering?
What's the most embarrassing top-played song on your phone?
What's your biggest regret?
What's the most memorable lesson you learned from your parents?
Who are you jealous of?
Have you ever fallen in love at first sight?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your biggest fear?
When's the last time you said you were sorry? For what?
Do you have any phobias?
Do you believe in an afterlife?
What do you want to be remembered for most in life?
Do you believe in soulmates?
What's the worst thing you've ever said to anyone?
Have you ever been rejected by someone?
Do you want to get married someday?
What are you most excited about at this very moment?
What do you write about the most in your diary?
Are you afraid of the future?
Have you ever ditched someone before?
Have you ever intentionally sabotaged someone?
Have you ever lied to a friend?
Who is your secret crush?
Who is the last person you creeped on social media?
Reveal all the derails of your first kiss.
What is the boldest pickup line you've ever used?
Do you still have feelings for any of your exes?
Have you ever sent a sext?
Who's your celebrity "hall pass" if you were to meet that person while in a relationship?
What unexpected part of the body do you find attractive?
Have you ever flirted with a close friend's sibling?
What's your wildest fantasy?